this morning we're gonna make some
thinking I'm a chef with the culinary
school I just summer there at the same
time just kidding you probably get that
we don't really cook very much while we
cook but we just not Kanye professionals
but one thing I really know how to cook
is bacon so I'm just gonna prepare this
baked whole masterpiece and hopefully
you think I want that bacon I saw
comments this morning when people turn
my Cheetos and I thought you know go
good with Cheetos bacon so I'm gonna
make some bacon first you got to cut
open the baking package with your pair
of scissors that you keep in the kitchen
and then you go wash them because they
can get stuff says or does he use
and you already have your plate
pre-prepared with some paper towels and
you just slap some bacon on there Oh
what and you put the delicious bacon in
the microwave because that's the best
way to cook it like three minutes and
that's how you make some delicious bacon
someone looks tired oh I'm so tired oh I
wasn't talking about you sweet cheeks
it's people missing Tuesday what's up
Maloof with the guys that finger and
over his chest Haley's what we call Oh
Total Recall a baby yeah hey Johnny say
stop there ya know you're then it's what
we call me dude that's close Charlie's
not feeling too all which makes cats
happy you're sick person for saying that
this is gusting you just want to be
dinkus code in watch nemo all day
Johnny's favorite thing in the world
it's also the most annoying thing in the
world but it makes him so happy so we
didn't do it meets rocket super little
ice it's cracking sooo nice yeah he's
gonna cook my mommy in there are two
Johnny oh sorry Thanks he's the chef
it's just like a master at cooking he
actually cooks all of our meals minus
vision and home pockets we take care of
that we take care of the hard dicks all
right Cass it's check it's gotta be nice
and burnt um I'll let you be the judge
Oh yup nice and burnt bacon bacon bacon
bacon breakfast bacon bacon hmm harm to
Castle I'm mmm how was the bacon it's
delicious and get rid of this I
appreciate you trying to save money but
it's not my value bacon it was like four
hours to ger than regular bacon these
are the bacon rejects oh they're not
allowed to sit at the cool baking table
that was my scar band in high school
rejects this is the bacon reason come on
by sure it's not candied come on right
now I don't know if you've ever tasted
fish bacon but here here's some for your
eyes to feast upon
fish bacon one fish two fish red fish
thank you betta fish it's made fish I
really don't let's fucking talk so
Johnny he likes I need me much oh yeah
looking for my son well I meeting your
son no Marlon